Clarify what to expect when pressing "Upgrade" button (#32)
moj-analytical-services/user-guidance: source/documentation/introduction.md

1.  Go the Analytical Platform [control panel](https://controlpanel.services.alpha.mojanalytics.xyz).
2.  Select the __Analytical tools__ tab.
3.  Select the __Upgrade__ button to the right of the tool's name.

> 4.  The "Status" changes to "Deploying" and then "Upgraded". The "Upgrade" button will no longer visible (until another version becomes available).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  The status will change to 'Deploying' and then 'Upgraded'. The __Upgrade__ button will no longer be visible (until another version becomes available).
```
